Add guides for collecting data using the nginx OTel input package (#4725)
elastic/docs-content: reference/fleet/otel-integrations.md

OpenTelemetry input packages are used with {{fleet}} and {{agent}} running in default mode. They are distinct from [running {{agent}} as an EDOT Collector](/reference/fleet/otel-agent.md), and cannot be used on {{agent}} running in `otel` mode.
:::

## Hybrid agents [otel-integrations-hybrid-agents]

{{agent}} policies can include configurations for both ECS-based integrations and OpenTelemetry input packages, which essentially turns the enrolled {{agents}} into *hybrid agents*.

Hybrid agent policies are useful when you want to:

> - Keep an ECS-based integration for one data type (for example, to ingest logs and use built-in dashboards)

Reviewer: Why not "Use" for both?

- Use an OpenTelemetry input package for another data type (for example, to collect metrics using OpenTelemetry standards)

> This type of hybrid data collection provides flexibility without forcing a single ingestion model, and allows you to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This type of hybrid data collection provides flexibility without locking you into a single ingestion model, and allows you to:
```

Forcing sounds unnecessarily brutal 😄
